https://github.com/seodo/seodo.github.io.git
To create a new repository, go on the Github website and click on the "+" near the top right of the screen. Name the repository, set it to either public or private depending on whether you want the repository to be accessible to the public or not, and click on the box next to "initialize this repository with a README" to have a clone of the repo on your computer. Choose a license based on your needs.
To clone a repository, copy the URL of the repository and open up your terminal. In your terminal, go to the directory where you want to clone the repo, then type "git clone URL" and enter your github information.
Open source means sharing how a software program was created along with giving others permission to modify the program.
I think open source is a great way to develop more advanced and creative programs. By allowing others to see and modify your work, you eliminate the need for them to start from scratch. Additionally, being able to see the source code of a program gives users complete knowledge of how the program should run. While the idea of open source may scare away developers, the various licenses that exist protects them as the original creators.
Licensing becomes important when developers want to make code available to other developers so that applications become more used in the industry. It is an alternative to simply putting one's work into the hands of the public and makes it easier for others to contribute to a project without having to obtain permission.
Having to practice with Github helped solidify my knowledge of creating, forking, and cloning repositories as well as getting used to using Git commands in the terminal. However, I am still having trouble wrapping my head around pushing and pulling branches but am hopeful that more practice will solve that issue.